# Bot Configuration

To use this bot, you need to set up the configuration file `config.json` with the following variables:

- `twitch_username`: Enter your Twitch bot username.
- `twitch_password`: Enter the password for your Twitch bot account.
- `twitch_oauth`: Enter the OAuth token for your Twitch bot account.
- `twitch_channels`: Enter the Twitch channels you want the bot to join, separated by spaces.
- `dbPath`: Enter the path to the game database file (loottracker.db).
- `clientId`: Enter your Twitch Client ID for API authentication.

## Variables

1. **Twitch Username:**
   - Create a new account through Twitch, this will be your bot.
   - Enter the desired Twitch bot username.
   - It should be the username associated with your Twitch bot account.
   - Example: `tannerdinobot`

3. **Twitch Bot OAuth Token:**
   - Make sure you're signed into your Twitch Bot account
   - Visit the Twitch Chat OAuth Password Generator page: [https://twitchapps.com/tmi/](https://twitchapps.com/tmi/)
   - Click on the "Connect with Twitch" button and authorize the app to access your account.
   - Copy the OAuth token generated by the website.
   - Example: `OAuth:rfx2uswqe8l4g1mkagrvg5tv0ks3`

4. **Twitch Main OAuth Token:**
   - Make sure you're signed into your main Twitch account
   - Visit the Twitch Chat OAuth Password Generator page: [https://twitchapps.com/tmi/](https://twitchapps.com/tmi/)
   - Click on the "Connect with Twitch" button and authorize the app to access your account.
   - Copy the OAuth token generated by the website.
   - Example: `rfx2uswqe8l4g1mkagrvg5tv0ks3`

5. **Twitch Channel:**
   - Enter the Twitch channel you want the bot to join.
   - Example: `tannerdino`

6. **Game Database Path:**
   - Navigate to `C:\Users\NAME\AppData\Local\Jagex\Old School RuneScape\users\`
   - Look for a folder named with a bunch of numbers.
   - In this folder you should find the loottracker.db
   - This is the path where the game stores the loot tracker database file.
   - Example: `C:\Users\NAME\AppData\Local\Jagex\Old School RuneScape\users\NUMBERS\loottracker.db`

7. **Twitch Client ID:**
   - Obtain a Twitch Client ID for API authentication.
   - Go to [https://dev.twitch.tv/console](https://dev.twitch.tv/)
   - Login to your main Twitch account
   - Visit the Twitch Developer Console: [https://dev.twitch.tv/console](https://dev.twitch.tv/console)
   - Create a new application and obtain the Client ID.
   - Example: `hof5gwx0su6owfnys0yan9c87zr6t`

## Setting up the config
   - Open Command Prompt (cmd) on your computer.
   - Navigate to the directory where you have your bot code and configuration file. For example, if your bot code is located in `C:\MyBot` and the configuration file `config.json` is in that directory, you can navigate to it by running the following command:
     ```
     cd C:\MyBot\src\config
     ```
   - Copy and paste the following command into cmd and press Enter to create a new `config.json` file:
     ```
     echo { "twitch": { "username": "", "password": "", "oauth": "", "channels": [], "dbPath": "", "clientId": "" } } > config.json
     ```
   - Replace the empty fields (`username`, `password`, `oauth`, `channels`, `dbPath`, and `clientId`) with your desired values.

6. Once you have set all the required values in the `config.json` file, you can proceed with running your bot code.



